Another common method to reduce over fitting other than early stopping,
is called dropout, where we randomly drop neurons in our model during training.
This forces the network to share information between weights,
increasing its ability to generalize to new data.
It's pretty simple to add a dropout layer with tf.keras, it's just tf.keras.
layers.Dropout with the dropout rate.
Using this rate, the neural network will randomly
set that percentage of input units to zero during training.
This rate argument is a float between zero and
one that determines the fraction of neurons that will be turned off.
So a rate of 0.5 will drop 50 percent of the neurons.
It's important to note that we should never apply
dropout to the input layer for network or else we
won't get all the input information necessary to properly train the model.
Also, remember we only want to use dropout during
training so that we can prevent over fitting.
But during inference, we want to use all the neurons in the network,
tf.keras will take care of this
automatically so that it uses the dropout layers during training,
but automatically ignores them during inference.
Make sure though, if you're using a different library to make
sure to take out those dropout layers when you perform inference.
Now we're going to have you guys do an exercise.
We've used a couple of models so far,
including just a basic one and one with with early stopping.
But we want you to go ahead and go through and use tf.keras.layers.Dropout
and add three layers with a rate of 20 percent to
our previous model and then train it again on the Fashion-MNIST dataset.
Let's see if you can get a lower validation loss.